You see the elders are here
I am Elder Yuan Men
Xu is naturally also Yuan Men's unelected official this time
And wait for the memory to come to this
I should also know the content of my Yuan Men's choice
This is the ladder.
I am the first patriarch of Yuan Men
Cut out with a sword
Every step of the staircase contains Chiba Sword's Vibet
Climb onto Second Street as an outer court disciple
Fifty Street is an inner disciple
Dare to ask Elder Xu if he can reach the top?
None of the three elders can be appointed
One person is a teacher
Thank you for your teaching
Since you know the rules
Why don't you act?
Yes!
That kid Zhang Jiang is very talented
At the age of 18, he fell ill and broke his bone five times
Courage and knowledge are quite high
His talent lies only in the modesty of the geese
Two people Xu Shiliang match
Among the many despises
Which one does the fifth junior brother like?
Haha, although this son is not as good as the two of them
But it's also a good seedling
These three
They are the top three among the original samurai this time
Others are just fakes
this child
Who is that?
Although this child is slow
But every step is steady and powerful
The expression is not at all rude
It's more like a walk in your yard
Maybe he's trying to get around that little girl